# CoinFile
Project for LionHack 2023 that stores Ethereum based transactions as a file before execution

This project can be divided into three groups of files: each folder contains an implementation of the web app, while the Javascript files were used to test .trns (transfer) file creation and execution in a ganache test environment.

### Node.js

To run the javascript files using Node, you will need to have Node.js installed on your system. You can download and install Node.js from the official website: https://nodejs.org/en/download/.

Once you have Node.js installed, you will need to install the web3 and fs modules. You can install these modules using the Node Package Manager (npm) by running the following commands in your terminal:

`npm install web3`

`npm install fs`

These commands will download and install the web3 and fs modules and their dependencies in your local project directory.

After installing these dependencies, you can run the script by executing the command `node <filename>.js`, where `<filename>` is the name of your JavaScript file. In this case, the filenames are `signTransaction.js` and `processTrans.js`.

### Ganache
Install ganache-cli by running the following command in your Terminal window:

`npm install -g ganache-cli`

This command will download and install ganache-cli globally on your system.

Once the installation is complete, you can start ganache-cli by running the following command in your Terminal window:

`ganache-cli`

This command will start a local Ethereum blockchain instance using ganache-cli, and display the accounts and private keys that are generated by the tool. You can use these accounts and keys to interact with the blockchain using a tool like web3.js.

### Web App

To run the web apps, you will need to have Python installed on your system. You can download and install Python from the official website: https://www.python.org/downloads/.

Once you have Python installed, you will also need to install the Flask module. You can install Flask using pip, the Python package manager, by running the following command in your terminal:

`pip install Flask`

`This command will download and install the Flask module and its dependencies in your local Python environment.`

After installing Flask, you can run the script by executing the command python <filename>.py, where <filename> is the name of your Python file. In this case, the filename is app.py. Once the script is running, you can access the web application by navigating to http://localhost:5000 in your web browser.

### Web App Instructions
When the web app is up and running, input sender and receiver addresses, as well as the sender's private key and an amount value in ETH.

**Note: The web app is connected to the Sepolia Ethereum test net. Ensure that the account addresses used as input are for this test net**
